# Zenden - Project Portfolio Page

## Overview
FinanceProPlus is a Command Line Interface(CLI) application designed to aid financial agents to track their clients, 
tasks, meetings and their Companies' policies. It can also show them their upcoming forecast of things to do for the week.

### Summary of Contributions

**Code Contribution**: Link [Here!](https://nus-cs2113-ay2526s1.github.io/tp-dashboard/?search=ZT712002&sort=groupTitle&sortWithin=title&timeframe=commit&mergegroup=&groupSelect=groupByRepos&breakdown=true&checkedFileTypes=docs~functional-code~test-code~other&since=2025-09-19T00%3A00%3A00&filteredFileName=&tabOpen=true&tabType=authorship&tabAuthor=ZT712002&tabRepo=AY2526S1-CS2113-W12-2%2Ftp%5Bmaster%5D&authorshipIsMergeGroup=false&authorshipFileTypes=docs~functional-code~test-code~other&authorshipIsBinaryFileTypeChecked=false&authorshipIsIgnoredFilesChecked=false)

**Enhancements Added**:

- Client Command Methods 
  * View
    * What it does: Allows user to view clients detailed profile, including list of all their policies.
    * Justification: Instead of using "List Clients" for a high-level view of all clients, the `client view` command
    lets user see a detailed view of a single profile.
    * Highlights: Implementation was challenging as I had to think of the design of the client class interactions with
    client policy class which is the child class of `policy`. 
  * Add
    * What it does: Allows user to add clients.
    * Justification: Required for the application to work.
    * Highlights: It was challenging making the ID`nric` attribute akin to the primary key of a table. Other methods
    like storing this data as a hash was considered but this was used instead.
  * Delete
    * What it does: Allows user to delete clients from clientlist.
    * Justification: Required for the application to work.
- Client Policy Methods and Implementation
  * What it does: Allows user to keep track of clients policy with more information such as start/expiry date and monthly premium.
  * Justification: Gives more information to the user, allowing user to track clients more efficiently
  * addpolicy
     * What it does: allows user to add client policies to client.
     * Justification: gives user higher level of control of methods and such to client.
  * updatepolicy
      * What it does: allows user to add client policies to client.
      * Justification:gives user higher level of control of methods and such to client.
* Parser Design and implementation
    * What it does: Filters user input, then determines what command to delegate to.
    * Justification: The main logic of the application.
    * Highlights: Challenging to design the overall parser logic and how it will interact with the child classes properly.
- List Command Methods
  * What it does: Allows user to view lists in a high level.
  * Justification: Feature improves product as user can view lists at a high level.
- List Container and LookUp Table implementation
    * What it does: ListContainer is an interface that all lists classes in the application inherits from. 
  LookUp Table is the implementation that allows all lists to be stored in the same data structure.
    * Justification: With the implementation, since all list classes are implementing the interface, it is easy for developer to
  retrieve them and store them in the same Map data structure used in LookUpTable.
    * Highlights: Implementation was difficult as had to read up on how to store distinct classes with the same 
  behaviour in a data structure. Interfaces was used here as they are the most suitable for these types of challenges.
- Logger Class
    * What it does: Developers can use it to log their classes. This provides a unified configuration of what the log 
  files will look like.
    * Justification: Improves code standards as team members just need to log using the java util and the configurations
  will ensure that the data in the log file looks similar to each other.
- Unit Tests and Assertions
    - Wrote unit tests for all the above to hit 100% Code Coverage of my work done.

**Contributions to UG** 

Added documentation for features `Client` and template in [#63](https://github.com/AY2526S1-CS2113-W12-2/tp/pull/63) and [#61](https://github.com/AY2526S1-CS2113-W12-2/tp/pull/61)

**Contributions to DG**
- Primary Architecture and LookUpTable Component Documentation [#40](https://github.com/AY2526S1-CS2113-W12-2/tp/pull/40)
- User sequence Diagram [#41](https://github.com/AY2526S1-CS2113-W12-2/tp/pull/41)
- Client and List Diagrams [#57](https://github.com/AY2526S1-CS2113-W12-2/tp/pull/57)
- Various Typo fixes [#58](https://github.com/AY2526S1-CS2113-W12-2/tp/pull/58), [#62](https://github.com/AY2526S1-CS2113-W12-2/tp/pull/62)

**Team Based Tasks**

Managed Releases `v1.0`-`v2.0` on GitHub
**Community**

Non-Teammate PR Reviews:  [#41](https://github.com/nus-cs2113-AY2526S1/ip/pull/41) ,
[#17](https://github.com/nus-cs2113-AY2526S1/ip/pull/79),
TPs:[#8](https://github.com/nus-cs2113-AY2526S1/tp/pull/8)
